338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_preloaded-data.md

<Highlight type="note">

> If you have been provided with a pre-loaded dataset on your Tiger Cloud service,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have been provided with a pre-loaded dataset on your $SERVICE_LONG,
```
